[Docs] Update pass 2 - Input, Profiles, screenshot/diagram updates (#5000)
microsoft/MixedRealityToolkit-Unity: Documentation/Input/Pointers.md

The pointer [`Result`](xref:Microsoft.MixedReality.Toolkit.Input.IMixedRealityPointer.Result) property contains the current result for the scene query used to determine the object with focus. For a raycast pointer, like the ones created by default for motion controllers, gaze input and hand rays, it will contain the location and normal of the raycast hit.

## Example Scene

> The **Pointer Result Example** in `MixedRealityToolkit.Examples\Demos\Input\Scenes\PointerResult` shows how to use the pointer Result to spawn an object at the hit location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [**Pointer Result Example**](https://github.com/microsoft/MixedRealityToolkit-Unity/blob/mrtk_development/Assets/MixedRealityToolkit.Examples/Demos/Input/Scenes/PointerResult/PointerResultExample.unity) shows how to use the pointer Result to spawn an object at the hit location.
```
